Update challenge requirements and description (#1)
zizooboats/code-challenge: README.md

# Zizoo Fullstack Code Challenge

> This project is designed to test the candidates ability to tackle problems similar to applications we develop at Zizoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is designed to test the candidate's ability to tackle problems similar to ones we face at Zizoo.
```

The instructions are broad in order to give the developer freedom to design, implement and test their own solution.

## Instructions

The objective is to create a full stack application that fetches boat data and creates a filterable interface to show the boat details.

The `json` dataset is included in this repository.

> You can use any libraries you consider necessary for the successful implementation of the project, but ensure that you application meets the requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any library you consider necessary for the successful implementation of the project, but ensure that your application meets the requirements.
```

## Requirements

### Back-end
- Language can be your own choice (We use PHP);
- The API should support multiple queries at the same time, and should only restrict the dataset;
- All values are inclusive and should be ingested as shown below. Some of the values can be implemented as min-max values.

  Example: `GET /boats?location=Berlin&min_length=10&nr_guest=10&cabins=4`

### Front-end

> - Language can be your own choice (We use React);

Reviewer 2: @gabrielizaias Do we want to allow a free choice here? Maybe for our current needs and our current abilities we need someone who master react?

Author: Makes sense, I'll update it.

> - Should be written in React (It's what we use and we would like someone who is proficient with it);

Reviewer: Would it make sense to specify which filters should be implemented at a minimum?

Author: That would be a good idea, the current language on the back-end section seems to imply they should implement filtering for all fields.

What do you think would be a good set of filters?

- Results should have pagination;
- Special values should be formatted accordingly (e.g. date);
- Should use semantic HTML tags;

### Bonus
- End-to-end tests;

> - Unit tests;

Reviewer 2: @gabrielizaias Maybe one unit-test should be mandatory? It is something we want verify our candidate knows how to do

Author: We need to balance what we want to see with what the candidate can commit to in terms of time. It's already quite a big challenge without making tests mandatory.

If it is a bonus item we can give extra points to candidates that manage to do it.

Reviewer: I agree, it would make even a bigger time investment and might deter some candidates. But where do we say how long we expect the test to take?

Reviewer 3: I would say to expect at least 5 days to solve this one, or maybe a week could be a good amount of time for those who want to invest time on creating tests and maybe documentation.

- Results linking to a details page;
- CI implementation;

> - You application is deployed somewhere (Heroku, Now or any other);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You application is deployed somewhere (Heroku, Vercel or any other);
```
